KOGITO-7589 & KOGITO-7707: Product name changes and sanity check fixes (#130)
kiegroup/kogito-docs: serverlessworkflow/modules/ROOT/pages/service-orchestration/orchestration-of-openapi-based-services.adoc

.Prerequisites

include::../../pages/_common-content/getting-started-requirement.adoc[]
* You have installed the tooling.
+

> For more information about the tooling, see {getting-familiar-with-our-tooling}[Getting familiar with Serverless Workflow tooling].

Reviewer: I think here we should use the product name

Author: Done

== Configuring the endpoint URL of OpenAPI services

After accessing the function definitions in workflow states, you can configure the endpoint URL of OpenAPI services. 

Kogito uses the link:{quarkus_openapi_gen_url}[Quarkus OpenAPI Generator extension] and the link:{quarkus_rest_client_url}[Quarkus REST Client], and all the configurations are based on these components, which are backed using {quarkus_config_url}[Quarkus Configuration].

.Prerequisites
* You have defined the function definitions in the workflow. For more information, see <<proc-define-openapi-functions, Defining OpenAPI functions in a workflow>>.
* You have the access to the defined functions in the workflow states. For more information, see <<proc-access-function-sw-states, Accessing functions in the workflow states>>.

.Procedure
. To configure the endpoints, you must use the sanitized OpenAPI specification file name as the link:{quarkus_rest_client_url}#create-the-configuration[REST client configuration key]. The configuration key must be set as a valid environment variable.
+
--
For example, a file named as `subtraction.yaml` contains the configuration key as `subtraction_yaml`.

> For more information about how sanitizing file names, see link:{mp_config_env_vars_url}[Environment Variables Mapping Rules].

Reviewer: ```suggestion
For more information about how the engine sanitizes file names, see link:{mp_config_env_vars_url}[Environment Variables Mapping Rules].
```

Author: Done
